docs(maci): amended and added new sections in the docs (#549)
privacy-scaling-explorations/maci: docs/audit.md

# Security Audit 2022 

> In the summer of 2022, MACI v1 was audited by Hashcloak. The audit covered both the zk-SNARK circuits and the Solidity smart contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the summer of 2022, MACI v1 was audited by HashCloak. The audit covered both the zk-SNARK circuits and the Solidity smart contracts.
```

Branding :)

```javascript
function deployPoll(
    uint256 _duration,
    MaxValues memory _maxValues,
    TreeDepths memory _treeDepths,
    PubKey memory _coordinatorPubKey
) public afterInit {
    uint256 pollId = nextPollId;

   [..snip]

    Poll p = pollFactory.deploy(
        _duration,
        _maxValues,
        _treeDepths,
        batchSizes,
        _coordinatorPubKey,
        vkRegistry,
        this,
        topupCredit,
        owner()
    );

    polls[pollId] = p;

    emit DeployPoll(pollId, address(p), _coordinatorPubKey);
}
```

As seen above, an external call is made, before updating the state with the new poll. The issue is tracked [here](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/maci/pull/522#discussion_r981863147) and only left open as the code does not enforce best practices, however it does not pose any immediate risk. 

> The rest of the issues were succesffuly fixed and merged in the v1 branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the issues were successfully fixed and reflected in v1.1.1.
```
Wouldn't the v1 branch eventually disappear?
